- [Terezija] Whoa, you have made it
to the end of this course.
You have learned a lot.
Everything from key concepts of AWS serverless,
benefits and limitations,
to practical examples and tools
that will help you manage
serverless app development in Java.
I hope the course gave you a strong foundation of serverless
and that you will start using serverless
in your next project.
But keep in mind, learning doesn't stop here.
We have just scratched the surface.
I would encourage you to check other resources
on AWS ecosystem related to serverless
like step functions, API gateway, and AWS Cognito.
You can also check out my course
on advanced Spring integration testing and Spring events.
If you have any questions,
please feel free to get in touch
over LinkedIn and on Twitter.
I really do appreciate your engagement
as well as your feedback on this course.
If you enjoy this course, I'd love to know.
Thanks so much for watching,
and I hope you enjoyed this course.
Until next time.